doc: add some notes about the custom cloud-init file (#487)
harvester/docs: docs/install/update-harvester-configuration.md

### Configuration persistence

> The persistent filename previously was `/oem/99_custom.yaml`. It is now `/oem/90_custom.yaml` in Harvester v1.1.2 and later versions. That is because we use a newer `elemental` version. This file is created by `elemental` with installation time. If you upgrade from a version before `v1.1.2`, this file will be `/oem/99_custom.yaml`. We do not rename this file with an upgrade because we do not want the user to get confused. If you align the new mechanism, you can manually rename this file to `/oem/90_custom.yaml`.

Reviewer: lgtm, just need to add to both v1.1. and v1.2 versions later

Author: OK. I will add both v1.1 and v1.2 when we completed the review

> The persistent filename previously was `/oem/99_custom.yaml`. It is now `/oem/90_custom.yaml` in Harvester v1.1.2 and later versions. That is because we use a newer `elemental` version. This file is created by `elemental` with installation time. If you upgrade from a version before `v1.1.2`, this file will be `/oem/99_custom.yaml`. We do not rename this file with an upgrade because we do not want the user to get confused. If you align the new mechanism, you can manually rename this file to `/oem/90_custom.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beginning with v1.1.2, the persistent name of the cloud-init file is `/oem/90_custom.yaml`. Harvester now uses a newer version of Elemental, which creates the file during installation.

When upgrading from an earlier version to `v1.1.2` or later, Harvester retains the old file name (`/oem/99_custom.yaml`) to avoid confusion. You can manually rename the file to `/oem/90_custom.yaml` if necessary.
```
